yeah what's up I love you that's the
first time you've ever told me that who
did I ever tell you how much I love you
[Music]
don't tell you personally wouldn't if
you have forgotten
I'm no good anymore are you looking for
someone grandpa we will see the son of
scram have you seen her mom's mom's not
here Wow
don't you remember anything I know you
don't want to hear this is hooking up
with him dad I spoke to a doctor thought
it might be a good idea if he came in to
see him why well because I can't
remember what can I do better
step inside his world so he feels needed
tell me again how you met grandma you
met in Venice right how could I forget
what if we went together
who gave me more hair what you are doing
for your grandfather is extraordinary
if you're a parent
everyone laughs bedtime
[Music]
when my day comes remember